allu youtube and welcome back to let's
play spongebob squarepants the movie
game and I did like I'm one shot I guess
it was just the pressure team on camera
but i'm not very afraid cam shining up
consider I've been they asked her but
six months or so other than I started
mean I was really gonna do in February I
was going to be banded facility but my
camera right now the batteries and all
and I just decided hey I don't think I'm
gonna be too good for this I try just
held it off for a while yeah you got to
do this mom yeah so I just thought about
it and I didn't want to do it but then a
couple months later I decided hey why
not I mean this is there already enough
people
it might as well be one of them you mean
um I think you might not a beast control
for this one no you don't have that move
yet just going to say that move because
go oh no one and I believe that's last
one dirty-ass door my neck hurts for
some reason yes did my lips are burning
they can get something they're not be
swine flu the h1 and I up each one
why did I forget the name oh yeah h1n1
line was so stupid I is stupid
and we want a junk over that might not
be the best tasting thing in the world a
jumper it was basically like kangaroos a
jump but came to dance to a job so that
really doesn't make any sense if you
think about it really doesn't and we
will begin in some enemies pretty damn
soon this is one of my favorite parts of
Game three see you next fall what
Patrick say after that I've heard if
anyone wants to post units and likely
but you know if you want to tell me what
he said please go ahead notice verse to
the idea because I knew then hung up
after so three meters
he had 16 years so that's like a bit
taller than me
I don't know how tall they are i'm like
five foot three I'm short
but hola it doesn't really matter
I mean you don't see me half my leaves
the only video you ever seen me actually
in person was the line of meat and game
catching the new beer about two years
ago I would show my face on camera out
of it there's not really anything show
my face on camera boats I mean I've
tried doing dance and that didn't work
out you know I have a lot of things to
rent out nothing turned out well
so you know I think you're at right now
well people always repost musically of
Steel music videos basically not just
really annoys me and all and you know
don't deal with the internet doesn't
look like that and what the hell i can't
do this again good thing I have this
I'm gonna be cheap about this go sonic
wave the tire challenge place
and basically go to the same place that
it was
come on cheap bastard
I think it's frozen
Oh
well since I suck at this I'm not going
to do it and well basically that's the
end of the episode I know it's really
really short but who cares really as
long as you get